Chat on 11/7/18 at 7:57 PM

(7:57 PM) Robert Seidl: Ik right!!! (I called him and Uber both several times over the past couple of days so that may have had something to do with it 😜)
(7:58 PM) Robert Seidl: ￼
(8:01 PM) Robert Seidl: He said text would be fine to set up a drop off time, and I let him know that one of my friends was likely going to contact him for me. I’m going to Venmo you back one more time, so you can give him $50 cash (I promised in every message I left him that I’d compensate him). You have to accept this one, because it’s different than our debate over that flight lol!!!
(8:03 PM) Robert Seidl: And remember if you’re busy it’s totally fine I can call Kyle!!! 
(8:09 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: hahahahaha I just texted him  
(8:09 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: you already gave me cash so i’ll just use that 😉 please don’t venmo me 
(8:09 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: a bunch of my friends told me that they followed you in class today
(8:10 PM) Robert Seidl: Wtf... so I give you cash, but then you Venmo me and I MAKE $50..???
(8:11 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: pretty good deal right 
(8:11 PM) Robert Seidl: I don’t think so. Please accept the $50 back at least for now, and then I’ll make separate efforts to sneak the rest back to you.
(8:11 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: it was my fault you lost the jacket anyways because I said it was at my place 
(8:12 PM) Robert Seidl: No way 
(8:15 PM) Robert Seidl: Lol also realized I left my keys to my place in St. Louis in Charleston, in addition to my green stuff and matcha lol. So clearly it’s my fault for being forgetful. (Also I had extras of all of those things at home so they’re not a big deal)
(8:15 PM) Robert Seidl: *to St. Louis* 
(9:13 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: oh wow my first question would have been how did you survive with out matcha for a day 😂
(9:15 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: side note: so I just had lunch with a bunch of people that went to mountain weekend (I mentioned it a HOT minute ago) and apparently some girl from USC legit shit herself and all the girls had to clean her up while she was passed tf out
(9:16 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: so thanks for coming to Charleston so I didn’t have to do that hahaha
