Chat on 10/26/18 at 5:24 AM

(5:24 AM) Robert Seidl: Lol my MBA negotiation professor is dead set on getting me to go work on a project in Africa...  
(5:27 AM) Shefali Emmanuel: oooooo sounds fun, how do ya feel about it
(5:29 AM) Robert Seidl: I meannn... I’m open to a lot of things and plan on being open to doing a lot of different things over the next several years.... but I didn’t really see myself heading to Africa straight straight away  next year 😂
(5:30 AM) Robert Seidl: UN related apparently 
(5:30 AM) Robert Seidl: Coincidentally 
(5:31 AM) Robert Seidl: While it’s possible for the mere fact that I wouldn’t write anything off, I’d say probably less likely to be where I was next year though lol.
(5:32 AM) Shefali Emmanuel: hahaha but say there wasn’t a location- would you be interested in working on the project or not really 
(5:33 AM) Shefali Emmanuel: lol UN 
(5:48 AM) Robert Seidl: Yaaa see I can tell she’s a gung-ho save the world activist (which kudos love the can do spirit) who seems to be connected to unlimited resources (her great great uncle by blood is teddy roosevelt), —- but I’ve actually done a decent bit of reading on why aid / programs trying to help people in places like Africa not only fail, but actually make the problems even worse (road to the bad often is paved with the best of intentions). Often they focus on symptoms and ignore the core drivers of the problems. The key is to find ways to bring SELF SUSTAINABLE solutions instead of solving symptoms, but that’s a hell of a lot easier said than done in places like Africa. Sadly in certain situations more aid simply thrown at symptoms leads to unsustainable dependency, further handi-capping the economy and trapping its participants. Ugly thing to realize after you tried so hard to help, that the end result was only a multiplier of the suffering. There’s a lot of other factors of course that go into making it challenging as well (i.e. corruption, mass migration, resource scarcity, cultural / religious rifts etc.)
(5:51 AM) Robert Seidl: Not to say that I don’t think someone like you can save the world if that’s one of your goals 😜 
(6:07 AM) Shefali Emmanuel: hummm i’m going to take that as a no lol
For those situations where the end result only multiplied the suffering,  how would you suggest one should reverse their actions and create the self sustainable solution?
I’m only asking because, correct me if I am wrong, but isn’t that always the initial intention for funding these types of projects? I would like to think when people are donating they have validated the act they are supporting in their minds… some percentage of these people might notice a key problem in the plan or something right?
but she seems like a great connection to stay in touch with after graduation!!
(6:07 AM) Shefali Emmanuel: haha I am not THAT naive
(6:10 AM) Robert Seidl: Nope. 99% of the population makes their decisions based off of emotions rooted in evolution ( while I’d wish  I was an exception.. I’m probably not lol ) 
(6:11 AM) Shefali Emmanuel: YIKESSS the more you know
