Chat on 3/24/19 at 3:13 PM

(3:13 PM) Robert Seidl: Water parks: so random hahaha 
(3:17 PM) Robert Seidl: Sophia: I’m sorry about that sweetie, sometimes all you can do is give people who feel like that the space they need to come back to you (not literally or anything obviously you guys will still be around each other / hanging out.. but in terms of the stronger mutual affection you’ve sometimes shared). Then if they do come back in that sense and whenever they do, if you love them you welcome them back as if they hadn’t left. (A bit like the story of the  prodigal son). 
(3:19 PM) Robert Seidl: Sometimes people just need the time to realize on their own just how much they should / should have been valuing and appreciating you. 
(3:21 PM) Robert Seidl: The Interview: Bahahaha you listened to the whole thing I guess.. I actually only listened to the 4 minutes I recommended to you, but I guess I’ll have to catch up now 😜
(3:26 PM) Robert Seidl: Back on Sophia: I think she probably cares strongly for you, but sometimes people feel jealousy even worse when they know the other person has only good intentions. She most likely cares about you too! But the reality is that dealing with things like she has to deal with can be tough, and the reminder is always there. I wouldn’t be surprised if you are a  rare friend for her with the combo of you looking the way you do and being (character wise) the way you are. 
(3:32 PM) Robert Seidl: YouTube: they’ve become utter tyrants. It’s gotten out of control in just the last couple of years. I’m not for most regulation attempts (most of these are just Trojan horses for more central control... and worse with the government), they simply need to be  treated legally as publishers and not platforms. Once YouTube and others are  simply eliminating or hampering opinions they prefer under the false pretense of “hateful content,” they’ve stepped into the realm of behaving like a newspaper, or news channel. Therefore they should then be subject to the same laws as other publishers (which would cause them to lose out tremendously on a lot of the tax exemptions they currently enjoy).
(3:37 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: Sophia: idk earlier in the semester when we first met each other- she was like I’m used to this all my friends are so pretty (I just think she didn’t expect it to this extent ya know)
(3:38 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: Water Parks are more like the spa
(3:44 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: I will try to give her as much space as I can with us living together and having the same friend group and all that jazz
(3:44 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: I think she is also a bit annoyed since she is living out of her means a bit by trying to do stuff with ninenke and I
(3:44 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: georgia and her and in the same budget
(3:44 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: but they want to do everything with us
(3:44 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: georgia has restrain but sophia doesn’t really
(3:45 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: so I think it is making her a bit upset with herself as well
(3:45 PM) Robert Seidl: Ahhhh
(3:45 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: she just comes in my room and I am very much the type of person who needs my space at some point
(3:45 PM) Robert Seidl: Yes. Yes that certainly could be playing a significant role.
(3:46 PM) Robert Seidl: Ahh so it’s mutual a bit as well. 
(3:47 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: I also honestly don’t know if I wanna visit the girls for a long period of time after the study abroad
(3:47 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: like chubby and I are closer in comparison to sophia, ninenke, and georgia since the lapland trip
(3:47 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: (which I expected)
(3:47 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: it hasn’t been as prevalent as I expect tho
(3:47 PM) Robert Seidl: Gotcha gotcha 
(3:48 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: Podcast: big fan I couldn’t stop listening
(3:48 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: but I get that way about most things I start
(3:48 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: when it comes to tech interviews
(3:49 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: Youtube: yikes same treatment as publishers
(3:49 PM) Robert Seidl: Hahaha gotcha 
