Chat on 2/18/19 at 7:46 PM

(7:46 PM) Robert Seidl: Is this for one of your classes?
(7:59 PM) Robert Seidl: Theres 2 separate concepts addressed which the video would likely lead the average viewer to obfuscate. 1) that materials should be recycled and put into a circular economy, and 2) that a licensing model should be the mechanism to drive the circular economy. The video is a vast oversimplification of an extremely economically, and environmentally complex issue. 

There’s significant problems with a model that forces “licensing” instead of ownership. So is everyone now a renter of their washing machine instead of an owner? Does that mean the company can now automatically recall it as their property? Do corporations now get legal entitlement merely as a vehicle to ensure cheaper production costs which actually lead to more over production? How are the corporations kept in check on the waste they produce as a result of this greater production? Does this mean that you can’t recycle material in another alternative way?  Can you no longer sell the material to the highest bidder? How would such a licensing model be legally enforced? 

One immediately notices a model that would offer greater benefit to mega corporations... and destroy the ability of smaller companies to compete. A mega corporation has the resources to adhere to licensing regulations designed to benefit them... while a smaller company would have only had the ability to re-sell the materials to the highest bidder. 

I have heard of this model being lobbied for and pushed by giant corporations... and there are strong arguments that their interest in such regulations is not so much about the environment as it is about destroying competition and furthering monopolistic control. 
(8:04 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: I just got out of lab and was he only one to show up- the TA grading my assignment straight up pulled my HW submission up after the professor left and was like you got a hundred 
(8:04 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: the*
(8:04 PM) Robert Seidl: Nice!!!!!!
(8:04 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: that video was from a guest speaker 
(8:05 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: this lab is for that insane class 
(8:06 PM) Robert Seidl: ^i’m sure it was, and I’m sure guest speaker has nice ties to environmental lobbying firms for said mega corporations if you were able to audit his connections 😉
(8:07 PM) Robert Seidl: The EU is highly supportive of policies which vastly favor giant monopolistic corporations at the expense of any possibility of competition / challenges to those firms hegemony.
(8:18 PM) Robert Seidl: I particularly love the last 30 seconds which are chalk full of feely-good buzzwords to gain group think / group consensus to utilize peer pressure to force anyone who might offer rational counter points to the video to look like a backwards person against an obvious noble cause for humanity 😂😂😂
(8:25 PM) Robert Seidl: Ellen MacArthur foundation is always at meetings of top CEO’s for all of the top corporations at events like Davos. The Ellen MacArthur foundation is also tied to Unilever (conglomerate of many major brands).
(8:26 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: ￼
(8:26 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: Super random fact but turns out all my Estonian friends have competed against each other and are in this top 30 start up’s tv show/ competition thing (starts in April) and all of them hate this girl 
(8:26 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: but she really likes me and wants me to show all the tallinn tech kids around charleston when they come 
(8:28 PM) Robert Seidl: Interesting. I’m sure you’ll leverage it to your advantage while being able to keep the Estonian friends on your side. 
(8:28 PM) Robert Seidl: Bahaha I bet that was more than you bargained for when sending me that video 😂
(8:59 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: sorry have some more work to do
(8:59 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: will text you back and read the long one when I’m done tonight
(9:14 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: Its kinda the same reason as to why people buy cars and the don’t lease them
(9:14 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: and with phones
(9:14 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: that is exactly the response I thought you would give
(9:15 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: as soon as I saw the video I said wouldn’t you rather own your property so its only one transactional cost and she was like uh I think so
(9:16 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: Tallinn has bee trying to be the top circular city in europe for the pat 3 years
(9:17 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: I hadn’t even heard of the foundation before
