Chat on 2/25/19 at 6:28 PM

(6:28 PM) Robert Seidl: Who am I advising? Joe or both of them? And what is the desired outcome of the person or persons I’m advising? 
(6:32 PM) Robert Seidl: Furthermore, am I advising based on what their desired outcome is? Or on what I personally think is better long term? (For example: advising a guy friend on how to get an ex back when the ex wasn’t / isn’t good for him in the long term, but he’s simply requesting I assist him in his desired outcome... I might help him reach his desired outcome while warning him about the future consequences of getting an ex back who’s not good for him —- but sometimes the only way someone can learn that is to see it for themselves anyways). 
(6:34 PM) Robert Seidl: Usually I advise people after I have them  explicitly tell me their desired outcome... in the phase of forming this explicit desired outcome I might offer things for them to think about and consider so they can be sure before the choose a desired outcome and go forward with me helping them achieve it. 
(6:37 PM) Robert Seidl: Therefore you can probably see my personal opinions of something might vary greatly from my advice. 
(6:43 PM) Robert Seidl: There’s a lot to this situation I can tell... and would need to talk to you on the phone. But for some starting points to hash out before going forward with any advice: Claudia’s actions have not been that of someone in an open relationship. They have been the actions of one who is committed either naturally or decidedly. I also find it interesting that joe said he felt guilty only when he “said” that he loved her. If he loved her in that way wouldn’t the guilt have manifested immediately upon being with others and knowing she wasn’t doing anything with others?
(6:44 PM) Robert Seidl: Additionally, what do they mean by being scared about “fucking up” their last year of college?
(10:30 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: Joe- outcome is to find out if a closed relationship is the best thing for him at this point in his life
(10:35 PM) Robert Seidl: Ultimately he is the only one who can know and decide what is best for him at a certain time. If he was forced to answer enough questions, he’d likely reveal what he already knew he wanted. 
(10:36 PM) Robert Seidl: Sometimes people just have a hard time facing or admitting what they really want because of various factors.
(10:37 PM) Robert Seidl: We have to ask the right questions of ourselves to have any chance of understanding ourselves. 
(10:38 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: you’re advising based on
(10:38 PM) Robert Seidl: I can call you after this next class!
(10:38 PM) Robert Seidl: Hour and a half 
(10:38 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: wait sorry I got distracted give me a min to respond
(11:08 PM) Shefali Emmanuel: also gotta update you on arnis 😂
